GOAL: create and save elements (background, settings, characters, props) of a story in a database

Interaction Assignment: 
Don't use mouse or keyboard to design interaction with your scene
Use raycaster to select objects--> use kinectron to sense 'closed' state for hands to pick things up
Have an edit mode and a performance mode so you can act within the scene and not accidentally move stuff around

SEARCH ASSIGNMENT (Last Week):
Speculative Assumption: in the future, everyone will be telling many stories. we will need a system for navigating all those stories.
    --> How would you cluster stories/ideas?
    
What's your manifesto is how to democratizing telling stories?

EMBODIED COGNITION/EMBODIED CINEMA
George Lakov, Berkeley-- so much of everything we say and think is through a physical metaphor

Loading in three.js --> load manager.... there are different types of file loaders for importing different kinds of files

PUPPETING--> attaching your joints to a character's joints

FOR MY PROJECT:
    --> think about how you can take best advantage of the API by being able to go anywhere
    Mythologies, ontologies, how do they survive into the next era?
    What are other areas of the world that tell stories?
    How could people share their own memories or stories of a place?
    
VR Chat --> would people be interested in weirder more conceptual environments like mine? ask Mai!
        --> could you put on "street theater" in an environment
        

INTERACTION

You are Not a Brain In A Jar
  You think with your body (unconscious)
  How you actually understand the world, theory of mind, mirror neurons, simulation, empathy, twitching the theater
  Even your most abstract thought leans on physical metaphors

Brains in jars more likely to get in flame wars.  Sharing personal space induces empathy. Embodied Cognition reduces hate
Post Symbolic Communication

Interactions
    Look Around
    Navigate
    Shoot People
    Pick New Scene
    Cut off: Editing VR in VR, Mutability not immersion is the true promise of VR
    Gaze Eyes as output device  Not Having Your Face Blocked
        Eyetracking technology will allow for better execution of the idea of The Cut / moving through space and time
        WebGazer.js --> you can see what people are looking at and while they are looking you can change other things around them
                    --> you can also tell what people are most interested in and (in real time) can then go into more detail in what they're looking at

    Drawing  (Chalk Talk)
        Being able to draw in the world
    Recording
    Point Clouding
    Moving Objects
        Moving objects around the scene
    Puppeteering Internal Parts of Objects
        Using 3D models, use a kinect ot move joints around
            Models have internal rigging (skeleton) that have joints that can be attached to a kinectron joint
    Rigid Bodies
    Kinematics
        Using points of reference, the computer can infer where the in between things are
    Meta Cinematics Mode 
        Move Cameras --> have a director mode and an actor mode
        Move Lights
        Start/Stop Recording
        Recognizing Gestures for changing modes (Shawn, Patrick)
    Put that there voice interface
        Easiest way to design bodily interaction
            Your words CONJURE things and spaces
    Generating  Dreams,  AI Training rather than instructions.


Tools
    Javascript
      Kinect Environment Convoluted requiring PC Server
      Manual 3D
      Simple Environment
      Great For Social,Micro,Sequence
      More Freeform (Essay)
      Invites freedom from spatial coherence.
    Unity/Unreal
      Expansive Environment and Paradigm
      Get a lot of 3D stuff for free
      Connects to all Interesting Input Output devices
      Less coding  (Multiple Choice)
      More prejudiced towards coherent cartesian space.
      
      
NEW IDEA:
Create a tool for actors to insert themselves into stories -- create their own reels -- riff with each other across time and space
Meatpuppet satire -- create a tool for directors to just puppet 3d models of actors in a scene
Distopian Actor Future -- actors are no longer needed -- what is the answer to that question? Andy Serkis.
